Add info about diffab (#67)
qbic-pipelines/pipeline-docs: docs/markdown/pipelines/rnaseq.md

```bash
#!/usr/bin/bash
nextflow run qbic-pipelines/rnadeseq -r 2.4.1 -profile cfc \
--gene_counts 'merged_gene_counts.txt' \
--input 'QXXXX_sample_preparations.tsv' \
--model 'linear_model.txt' \
--contrast_matrix 'contrasts.tsv' \
--project_summary 'QXXXX_summary.tsv' \
--multiqc 'MultiQC.zip' \
--software_versions 'software_versions.csv' \
--outdir 'results'
```

### Docker containers

After the release of rnadeseq 2.1, the docker containers were moved from Docker Hub to the GitHub Container Registry (ghcr) as Docker announced a change of free subscriptions. For all rnadeseq versions >2.1, this is reflected in the pipeline, so you don't need to do anything.

> For version 2.1 or later, should you have trouble executing the pipeline because the container was removed from Docker Hub (this could for example lead to an error like "docker: Error response from daemon: manifest for qbicpipelines/rnadeseq:2.1 not found: manifest unknown: manifest unknown."), please save the following code to a `container.config` (change 2.1 to the version you want to use):

Reviewer: you mean "2.1 or previous versions"?

Author: Sorry Sabrina, I don't understand you question. If you refer to the sentence `(change 2.1 to the version you want to use)`, that means that in the small config code, the user should replace 2.1 with the desired version number

Author: 2.1 or earlier!!!

> After the release of rnadeseq 2.1, the docker containers were moved from Docker Hub to the GitHub Container Registry (ghcr) as Docker announced a change of free subscriptions. For all rnadeseq versions >2.1, this is reflected in the pipeline, so you don't need to do anything.
> 
> For version 2.1 or later, should you have trouble executing the pipeline because the container was removed from Docker Hub (this could for example lead to an error like "docker: Error response from daemon: manifest for qbicpipelines/rnadeseq:2.1 not found: manifest unknown: manifest unknown."), please save the following code to a `container.config` (change 2.1 to the version you want to use):

Author: ```suggestion
After the release of rnadeseq 2.1, the docker containers were moved from Docker Hub to the GitHub Container Registry (ghcr) as Docker announced a change of free subscriptions. For rnadeseq 2.2 and higher, this is reflected in the pipeline, so you don't need to do anything.

For version 2.1 and lower, should you have trouble executing the pipeline because the container was removed from Docker Hub (this could for example lead to an error like "docker: Error response from daemon: manifest for qbicpipelines/rnadeseq:2.1 not found: manifest unknown: manifest unknown."), please save the following code to a `container.config` (change 2.1 to the version you want to use):
```

```bash
process {
    withName: REPORT {
        container = 'ghcr.io/qbic-pipelines/rnadeseq:2.1'
    }
}
```

> If you want to run a version <2.1, the container.config has to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a version <2.1, the `container.config` has to look like this:
```
?

```bash
process.container = 'ghcr.io/qbic-pipelines/rnadeseq:1.1.0'
```

The container link has to be adjusted to the version you want to run. You should just have to change the version number, but you can double-check on https://github.com/qbic-pipelines/rnadeseq/pkgs/container/rnadeseq if you are not sure if the link is correct.

> Then, call this container.config when running the pipeline, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, call this `container.config` when running the pipeline, like so:
```

```bash
qbic-pipelines/rnadeseq -r 2.4.1 -profile cfc \
--many-many "params" \
-c path/to/container.config
```

### Known issues

- No known issues

## Switch to nf-core/differentialabundance

In the future, we want to switch to the [nf-core/differentialabundance](https://github.com/nf-core/differentialabundance) pipeline. It was developed as a pipeline that is capable of a differential abundance analysis of different types of input data, including proteomics experiments if the upstream analysis was done with MaxQuant.

### Quick start

> Example command on cfc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example command on the CFC cluster:
```

```bash
#!/usr/bin/bash
nextflow run nf-core/differentialabundance -r 1.5.0 -profile cfc,rnaseq \
-params-file /sfs/9/ws/shared_files/qbic_differentialabundance_rnaseq.yml \
--matrix 'salmon.merged.gene_counts_length_scaled.tsv' \
--input 'sample_preparations.tsv' \
--contrast_matrix 'contrasts.tsv' \
--report_contributors 'Jane Doe\nDirector of Institute of Microbiology\nUniversity of Smallville;John Smith\nPhD student\nInstitute of Microbiology\nUniversity of Smallville'
```

> The file `/sfs/9/ws/shared_files/qbic_differentialabundance_rnaseq.yml` contains several settings that will probably be necessary for any such analysis at QBiC and is saved in a folder on cfc which is accessible by every qbic-staff member. This includes a custom CSS and PNG file which set the style of the HTML report that is generated at the end of pipeline runs (i.e. this changes the color of highlighted text to QBiC blue and adds a combination of the QBiC rectangle and the pipeline logo to the very top of the report). If you want to run such an analysis on another machine, simply copy the relevant files from the shared_files folder over, then modify the paths in the YML file accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file `/sfs/9/ws/shared_files/qbic_differentialabundance_rnaseq.yml` contains several settings that will probably be necessary for any such analysis at QBiC and is saved in a folder on CFC which is accessible by every qbic-staff member. This includes a custom CSS and PNG file which set the style of the HTML report that is generated at the end of pipeline runs (i.e. this changes the color of highlighted text to QBiC blue and adds a combination of the QBiC rectangle and the pipeline logo to the very top of the report). If you want to run such an analysis on another machine, simply copy the relevant files from the `shared_files` folder over, then modify the paths in the YML file accordingly.
```
